hi I am just about to get moderate bass
clarinet my lyric Ridenhour livery 925 C
low sea bass clarinet they're actually
going to be delivering it to me
personally since I cannot meet them and
it is unsafe to mail it and I'm only
about 30 minutes away from them they're
going to be here in just a couple
minutes and I would like to say that I'm
going to make several videos of the
mechanics of the bass clarinet because
I'm not used to chew extra keys on the
left hand pinkie and I'm also i've also
never played on low seat base so I'd
like to see where those bars go to and
how everything works together so i'm
going to show you guys as well so I've
always motive into a person like I'm
also going to be a part of this video is
going to be like opening up the base
climate since are delivering a person I
was going to come in a box or a mistress
two minutes case so however that works
you guys are going to get to see that
and I'm also going to test out the atg
read finishing system on these three
reads one of them being one I used
during class and rehearsals and the
other two being just too i picked
randomly out of a box of reads one of
them i looked at it doesn't look half
bad and the other one is not half good
they've already been all of them then
soaked I'm soaked they should be ready
to go and ready to test out on the atg
system I'm also getting compare the the
base on get I'm about to get in a few
minutes to my current basis which is my
summer 1430 p which i own and also the
school instrument that my director wants
me to use which i will not be easy
anymore which is a rock it's a no blood
embarrass or something like that
how it all i'm also going to test
mouthpieces i have i'm going to get a
handmade mouthpiece with this base that
I'm getting so I'm going to test it
against my Clark Fork Nova I'm going to
use them the Rovner versa ligature which
I am very happy with and that should be
about it thank you all right I got it
I'm very excited about showing you guys
this is the atg system it came in a nice
little package he told me this is their
best product and here's the base I'm
this around for you see you guys can see
he brought it to me in person at Edward
an hour brought it to me in person and
he took the packaging stuff out of he's
claiming on Chivington original but
that's gorgeous do you see this this is
amazing all right I'm have several links
to my other videos so you can watch
those in whatever you like I'm going to
put this together and check out the
mechanics on my next video but like I
said you can watch them in anywhere you
like can't wait to play on this thing
all right